EBIT Baseline/Development Tree
================================
http://www.ebit-coin.com

Copyright (c) 2014 EBIT Development Team


What is EBIT?
-------------

EBIT is an open-source digital currency (Cryptocurrency) that focuses on better
defining and optimizing a methodology of distribution and life-cycle design. 
EBIT is dervied  utilizing the X11 proof-of-work algorithm but is 
unique in that uses an adaptive dynamic-response difficulty algorithm coupled
with a countinuous decay reward curve to create a currency model that is far
more robust than its predecessors.


Acknowledgements:
-----------------

The vast majority of the EBIT code is derivative of the original Bitcoin model 
for a 'cryptocurrency'. The EBIT Development team also added variations from 
Dogecoin and Darkcoin in order to create the baseline code that was used during
the initial development stages of EBIT.

See 'Copying' or 'License' for more information.


Development Process
-------------------

[In-Progress, to be updated]
 
We are analyzing the current process of cryptocurrency development and defining
to effectively take advantage of the unique skillsets that each member of a 
community has and collectively define a process which allows efforts to be
focused on accomplishing specific goals while at the same time allowing any 
developer the freedom to add to or improve upon the project in any way.

As development progresses and we begin to ask other developers to review our 
initial code, we will create a set of processes (above any beyond the versioning 
utilitites provided by github used on typical open-source projects) for better 
defining the development process throughout the lifecyle of EBIT. 


Resources
---------
[To be added]


Testing
-------

The EBIT team is currently analyzing and re-writing existing tests for the 
Bitcoin & Darkcoin projects. A System's level test plan and integration process
will be developed which will serve as a guideline to developers looking to
contribute to the project. These guidelines do not constrain the specifics of 
how test code is to be written; rather to classify and focus the subject of 
testing in order to make measurable improvments.


Miscellaneous
-------------
[To be added]


License
-------
[To be added]

